[Music]
Neal everyone's in agreement
we need to be commander you're going to
them first man to walk on the moon it'll
be a hell of a ride sure be an adventure
nothing you just go to the moon our
mission is so difficult requiring so
many technological developments we're
gonna have to start from scratch and
that is a big mother it'll go up like
Avon if it blows yeah we've had a
problem the rocket is not safe sure how
much more this would continue it's no
easy way to save us
they're gone we need to fail down and so
we don't fail up there at what cost it's
a little bit late for that question
isn't it sir you know one of the tenth
since this last time the boys are gonna
see you
somebody got a Swiss Army knife you
think you're coming back we have every
intention of coming back
[Music]
we've got this under control